so look at the first thing to me pointed out that what you think you know well
thought of this small success so much the first advantage to quilmes and the
reporter
what more happy all this and because he was born in the rain but maybe you
goals with that fire most pleasing to the first advantage of the up world goal
can think
clear but kings is simply a chimney we said numancy the
good advantage was the first advantage is that the pl the cdc has more power
calorific social energetic cute theme train
and good as it prepares efe chimney so easy
like we opened a warehouse that has here dg pa and pp
I made my house for that afternoon
the earth
who has seen a fireplace
how is the distance even more
Fame occurred and at home with cold in your armchair and p
there that we had to go a little bit more
We were raising the temperature drop 9 good Fernando stumble on the set
says I want that when you get home warm you out outside it was bad this
fireplace that program will be great bad luck that has run out here we
I gave you attention from the mobile phone that you have right now, you take your
mobile sent a message to the heating and when they get home
find this spectacular town in surpassing the conventions reform but
it will also pay the debt
at the last week
effectively that also condemns the front we send messages attack
chimney to stop heating and tomorrow the heating is stopped
but this is not thinking 'good shorts how much is very easy
rogue
that big thing, 15 kilos would not go for just
4 euros about 30 cents per kilo
good gap has to spend a lot of relief but we're good here is the
fire was just as if I were 20 years old the bottle as any of the
mummy around us would be capturing the heating something very important
we know that the chimney dirty a lot, it's good, we have a whole
that is taking wolf but better to clean it still open here
will start logically running myself I will not open the
Deposit
but we could with a tiradora simply we would place there
we give him
haas order
the next benefit pnv look ready here
I have run before
simply for you to see good has grown besides said that ecological that
River
but if we have closer
they are going to see what I am going to do now is thrown on the Balearic law approved
for all this
well done criminally for bonus because they tell me that it has a lot of potassium and that
It does not work because I have the stevia plant here to explain that there is
many models is also because we have for example is
has another type something like more modern efe imitate a heating
but we already have a fireplace and we like what is not counting kings
good was we just have goals
what is placed in place of the fireplace and we convert it into a heating
pele who want to vote more heat to other rooms was also be
you can put a water radar system and everyone is warm but up
now the only one who can fruit and you put yourself to it so if you let me
fernando I'm going to stay here getting more there warming up not the card
very bad and strength fobaproa allow turn off the chimney
nr that could overcome this bump was entrusted to God to a stove
pedraza compañera 7 37 supports more warm in questions almería
I sat at this time it was decided as